This mud uses a language called LPC its an object oriented language
similar to C.  

Everything in the mud is an object.  The main base objects are:
	"/std/object", "/std/monster", "/std/room"

objects you create will inherit one of these base classes or another
class based off of one of these, and then define a function "setup"
Then you'll set various properties and or add functions to the objects 
to make them do all kinds of nifty things.

You probably want to start with rooms, get the hang of them then move to
monsters and then work on objects after that.

There are lots of great examples in /domains.  Start simple and work
your way up to more complex objects.  You can also look at your workroom for
a basic room.

You can read the following documents to learn the basics of these objects:
	room_code monster_code object_code

If you really want to know how it all works take a look at the code behind
these objects, they can all be found in /std

You can start creating files in your wiz directory once your area is approved
we'll move it to the domains directory and make it an official part of the mud.
Until then it is not open to players.

Under your wiz directory you should put rooms in ~/rooms
objects in ~/obj or ~/objects
and monsters in ~monsters/
Just look at /domains/required for how things should be setup.
If you don't use these sub-directory's the code may not work because of
the security system built into the mud.

When you are creating an area, its a good idea to do some thinking about
what type of an area you want to create.  Some things to keep in mind:
	What level(s) of players will be attracted to your area?
		It's a good idea to focus on a block of levels, 1-3, 4-6
	What will players be doing in your area?  
		You should try to have at least one quest per area.
		The quest should be something interesting and you want
		to strike the right balance between difficulty and payoff.
		The quest should also be something that entertains the player.
	What is the theme of your area?
		You want to set your section apart from the rest of the mud,
		you also want players to know when they are in your area and
		when they are leaving it.

Some examples can be found in domains:
	boothill = "A western adventure"
	gurba = "A medieval adventure"
	newbie = "A place for new players to learn how to play the game"
Here are some additional ideas to get you started:
	Focus on a murder mystery maybe something with a Sherlock Homes
		environment.
	A war zone where you have to pick sides and help one side prevail over
		the other.
