General explanation:

  Upgrading without completely restarting the game is possible.
  Such upgrades take care of recompiling everything and migrating and
  converting objects and data where needed.  In a few rare cases you
  may need to shutdown the mud to upgrade things.

  If you intend to start your mud from scratch after an upgrade, you
  don't need to worry about data and object conversion.

  Whenever you do a git pull to upgrade files, you should review this
  file and the INSTALLING instructions to see if there are any changes.

upgrading the mudlib with warmboot:
	in a shell window in the gurbalib dir run: git pull
	on the mud as an admin run the warmboot command
	check the docs for updates
upgrading the mudlib by stoping the server:
	kill your driver and or run the shutdown command as an admin
	in a shell run: git pull
	check the docs for updates
	restart the server

How a warmboot(live upgrade) works:

  When you perform a warmboot, a number of steps are taken:

  - Recompile of the warmboot command
    This ensures that any checks and special procedures required for
    the revision you are upgrading to are known and handled by the
    warmboot command.

  - Check if upgrade is possible

  - Atomic recompile of critical objects
    Ensures that critical kernel objects are recompiled properly, will
    undo everything if a critical kernel object fails to compile.

  - Migration/conversion of kernel data and objects

  - Rebuilding remaining objects

  - Any remaining migration and conversion

Driver upgrades:

  When a new version of dgd becomes available, and you want to upgrade to it.

  You will want to update your driver source, make the new binary.

  After this, you have to shutdown the game, backup your old driver, 
  copy over the new binary to the bin directory and restart your mud.

  If you restore a statedump after a driver upgrade, it is a very
  good idea to do a 'warmboot' as the first thing after having
  restarted the driver.

  Also, it is a very good idea to make a backup of your statedump
  before this restart, new versions of the driver may change the
  statedump format in a way that cannot be restored by older versions.

