This mudlib is considered a learning tool, so the following file explains
a little bit about the layout of the mud and what you'll find in the following
directories.  If you have any questions email: sirdude (mein@umn.edu)

TODO items are marked with XXX so you can easily grep -r XXX in the
mud and see what needs to be worked on.

If you do not have the mud up and running yet, look at ../doc/INSTALLING
and the other documentation.  (if you do not do this, some of these 
directories may not exist yet.)

The mudlib has a basic hiearchy for security:
	Stuff in kernel is trusted and this is where the mudlib starts
		booting.
	Stuff in sys is then setup, this is where admin and wizard
		commands live.
	Then the rest of the mud is used.

Here is a basic description of how things are laid out:
	README		This file explaining what each dir has in it.
	TODO		List of todo items not tied to a specific file.
	cmds		player and monster commands live here.
	daemons		Various processes that run on the mud to handle things.
			An example is the event daemon, or the telnet daemon.
	data		Mud specific data files..  Player files, message boards,
			etc...  In general all the user generated content.
	doc		Documentation about the mud... that wizards can view
			via man.  doc/help is for players via help.
	domains		The official areas of the mud that users can adventure 
			in.  If you want a "clean" mud remove everything
			except for the required subdirectory.  It contains
			the void and the room you start in etc...
	kernel		This is essential code for booting the mudlib and
			interfacing with dgd.  It is considered all powerful
			and anything in here doesn't have security active when
			its running.
	logs		If you are a wizard this directory is your best 
			friend.  It holds error messages and other things 
			that are recorded by the mud.
	pub		ftp directory and or a location to store sample files.
	std		Standard inheritables and includes for the system.  
			Note you can not clone things from this directory.
			For standard objects you can clone, look in:
				/domains/required/
	sys		This is similar to the kernel dir but is considered
			later in the boot process.  Things like the
			player object are located here.  Wizard and admin 
			commands also live here.
	tmp		Temp dir
	wiz		Home directories for our local wizards.

