XXX THIS WHOLE FILE XXX

Just a simple todo list.  If you grep for XXX in the code you'll
find todo's for individual files.  This here is for higher level concepts 
and ideas that don't translate well to a given file currently.

look into using ssh to connect by default.  telnet is dead... ;)

look into a "git" interface for security and editing files.
Need to research writeable files for wizards/admins and see what
makes sense.

Party system (invite, say, report), Clans, Expand Guilds
PK system (announcing, death announcing)
m_lockable, keys
m_switchable, Levers
tracking of most used rooms, objects
auto dest/update of all instances of an object

fix: You wield your the shield.

why multiple daemons, lib, data, sys dirs?

support for getting 2nd or 3rd sword in a room or inv
Fix it so deep inventory works with autoload.

Fix bunny so that it doesn't attack you second time you pick flower...
In combat the bunny does't always attack...
In combat the monsters get players hp durring battle sometimes???
	it has to do with shifting of this_player() for messages I think...

Start using weight for picking up things, and for how much a bag
can hold......

set_this_player is used too much... mabye only need it in heart_beat,
and or in sys/ib/player.c and sys/lib/user.c  Shouldn't need it in
all the locations its used...

Fix it so room and or object commands look at return value to determine if
they actually work or not...
See play piano in /domains/boothill/rooms/saloon.c for an example.

Fix rooms not loading objects so it loads the singularity(sing.c)

Fix up Events like body_enter body_leave  good way to do 
gurba monsters that talk when things happen I think...
Harry...

Document objects and rooms and monters.

Need to convert Monster item_command stuff to object_commands

Figure out why questadm doesn't save on shutdown, or killing the driver?

Fix intermud so it doesn't spam logging when unable to connect.
	It shouldn't say its connected when it can't connect and then timeout.
	chan, and mudlist shouldn't return cached stuff if not connected?
locate username   (for finding people on other muds, i3locate in dead souls)
mail "user@mud" support...

Fix wiz commands: more.c cat.c so they do not choke on larger files.

write a showtree command that shows an objects inherit list?
See indent command as well on deadsouls
